### Quotes
* _"The best way to keep a secret is to never have it."_ - Julian Assange
* _"The notion that science and spirituality are somehow mutually exclusive does a disservice to both."_ - Carl Sagan in "The Demon-Haunted World"
* _"Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely."_ - Lord Acton
* _"Now I will have fewer distractions."_ - Leonhard Euler, on his loss of vision
* _"In fact, if I had to design a mechanism for the express purpose of **destroying** child's natural curiosity and love of pattern-making, I couldn't possibly do as good a job as is currently being done—I simply wouldn't have the imagination to come up with the kind of senseless, soul-crushing ideas that constitute contemporary mathematics education."_ - Paul Lockhart
* _"The only thing that I’ve ever wanted for Christmas is an automated way to generate strong yet memorable passwords."_ - James Mickens in [This World of Ours](http://scholar.harvard.edu/files/mickens/files/thisworldofours.pdf)
* _"We do not need medals. We do not need authorities deciding about who is a 'hero' and who is 'illegal.' In fact, they are in no position to make this call, because we are all equal."_ - Pia Klemp
* _"In the fields of observation chance favours only the prepared mind."_ - Louis Pasteur in a lecture at the University of Lille (7 Dec 1854) 
* _"He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster. And if you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you."_ - Friedrich Nietzsche, in Beyond Good and Evil
* _"Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants."_ - Michael Pollan in ["In Defense of Food"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_Defense_of_Food)
* _"The destructive impact [of computing] on the brain is demonstrated by the programming languages people write."_ - Peter Welch in ["Programming Sucks"](https://www.stilldrinking.org/programming-sucks)
* _"Hence, anxiety is the dizziness of freedom, which emerges when the spirit...looks down into its own possibility, laying hold of finiteness to support itself."_ - Søren Kierkegaard
* _"In our reasonings concerning matter of fact, there are all imaginable degrees of assurance, from the highest certainty to the lowest species of moral evidence. A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence."_ - David Hume, [An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An_Enquiry_Concerning_Human_Understanding)
* _"Sagredo: From what you have said it appears to me impossible. Salviati: So it is, Sagredo."_ - [Galileo's Dialogo](https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/g/galileo/dialogues/chapter1.html)
* _"All computers are just carefully organized sand."_ - [XKCD](https://xkcd.com/1349/)
* _"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!', but 'That's funny ...'"_ - Isaac Asimov
* _"Die ganzen Zahlen hat der liebe Gott gemacht, alles andere ist Menschenwerk."_ - Leopold Kronecker. Translated: "The whole numbers were made by the good Lord, all else is the work of humanity."
* _"Wir müssen wissen. Wir werden wissen."_ - David Hilbert's epitaph, translated as _"We must know. We will know."_
* _"It seems that perfection is attained not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing more to remove."_ - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry (translated)
* _"If you’ve done modeling and computation, you will appreciate how hard it is to be sure what’s a local minimum and what’s a global one, and so it is with your emotional state."_ - Derek Lowe, on [what not to do in grad school](https://blogs.sciencemag.org/pipeline/archives/2019/07/23/what-not-to-do-in-grad-school)
* _"You don't understand something until you've forgotten it twice."_ - John Zweck, explaining his decision to teach a course in differential geometry — which was his dissertation subject — at UMBC.
* _"The danger already exists that the mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and to confine man in the bonds of hell."_ - St. Augustine of Hippo in what is [probably a bad translation](https://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/34756/did-augustine-of-hippo-warn-christians-to-beware-mathematicians)
* _"If a lion could speak, we could not understand him."_ - Ludwig Wittgenstein
* _"Inside every cynical person is a disappointed idealist."_ - George Carlin
* _"It's very hard to imagine all the crazy things that things really are like."_ - Richard Feynman
* _"How fleeting are all human passions compared with the massive continuity of ducks."_ - Dorothy L. Sayers
* _"Re-examine all you have been told at school or church or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your own soul"_ - Walt Whitman
* _"To have that sense of one’s intrinsic worth which constitutes self-respect is potentially to have everything: the ability to discriminate, to love and to remain indifferent. To lack it is to be locked within oneself, paradoxically incapable of either love or indifference."_ - [Joan Didion, "On Self Respect](https://www.brainpickings.org/2012/05/21/joan-didion-on-self-respect/)
* _"Anyone who is not shocked by quantum theory has not understood it."_ - Niels Bohr 
* _"Не невозможно, но очень трудно."_ - "Not impossible, but very difficult." Taught to me by Igor Meshkov at COOL'15, where there was a lot of talk about [muon cooling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ionization_cooling#Muon_cooling), making the context extra amusing.
* _"Be careful what you specify, philosopher."_ - [Dan Kaminsky](https://twitter.com/dakami/status/1143234429499760640)
* _"An author's ability to solve conflict with magic is DIRECTLY PROPORTIONAL to how well the reader understands said magic."_ - Brandon Sanderson's First Law of Magic
* _"Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better."_ - [John Carmack](https://slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=25551&cid=2775698)
* _"Too many focus on the effort when they should be focused on impact. A way to address this is through quantification and measurement. As I am fond of saying in regards to efforts (or individuals) trapped here: **Lots of RPM, little MPH.**"_ - [Peiter "Mudge" Zatko](https://twitter.com/dotMudge/status/1135280865804791809)
* _"adulthood is maybe the accumulation of hundreds of quiet subroutines that operate tracelessly"_ - [@eigenrobot](https://twitter.com/eigenrobot/status/1134353314865278978)
* _"With four parameters I can fit an elephant, and with five I can make him wiggle his trunk."_ - Attributed to John von Neumann by Enrico Fermi (as quoted by Freeman Dyson)
* _"Whitepapers are like drinking orange juice concentrate."_ - Jason C. McDonald (CodeMouse92 via freenode)
* _"QA Engineer walks into a bar. Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a sfdeljknesv."_ - Bill Sempf
* _"There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics."_ - Attributed to British PM Benjamin Disraeli by Mark Twain
* _"Bacteria needed a better way to get around, so they invented animals."_ - Unknown, my paraphrase
* _"Your taste will always exceed your ability."_ - Mika McKinnon at ComSciCon Houston 2019
* _"Michel Ardan chatted first with Barbicane, who did not answer him, and then with Nicholl, who did not hear him, with Diana, who understood none of his theories, and lastly with himself, questioning and answering, going and coming, busy with a thousand details; at one time bent over the lower glass, at another roosting in the heights of the projectile, and always singing.  In this microcosm he represented French loquacity and excitability, and we beg you to believe that they were well represented."_ - Jules Verne's ["From the Earth to the Moon"](http://gutenberg.org/ebooks/83)
* _"Michel Ardan allowed himself to be convinced to a certain extent.  He admitted that the thing was difficult but not impossible, a word which he never uttered."_ - Jules Verne's ["From the Earth to the Moon"](http://gutenberg.org/ebooks/83)
* _"Never overestimate the knowledge of your readers/viewers, and never underestimate their intelligence."_ - adapted from a quote by Glenn Frank (and taught to me by science comedian Brian Malow)
* _"Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway."_ - John Wayne
* _"Most bugs are a result of the execution state not being exactly what you think it is."_ - [John Carmack](http://number-none.com/blow/john_carmack_on_inlined_code.html)
* _"Every kid starts out as a natural-born scientist, and then we beat it out of them. A few trickle through the system with their wonder and enthusiasm for science intact."_ - [Carl Sagan](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/articles/199601/carl-sagan?page=3)
* _"If you pay a man a salary for doing research, he and you will want to have something to point to at the end of the year to show that the money has not been wasted. In promising work of the highest class, however, results do not come in this regular fashion., in fact years may pass without any tangible results being obtained, and the position of the paid worker would be very embarrassing and he would naturally take to work on a lower, or at any rate, different plane where he could be sure of getting year by year tangible results which would justify his salary. The position is this: you want this kind of research, but if you pay a man to do it, it will drive him to research of a different kind. The only thing to do is to pay him for doing something else and give him enough leisure to do research for the love of it."_ - [J.J. Thomson](http://blogs.sciencemag.org/pipeline/archives/2007/11/14/how_you_doin_hows_everybody_doin) (originally from Lord Rayleigh's biography of Thomson)
* _"Captain, the most elementary and valuable statement in science, the beginning of wisdom, is, 'I do not know'. I do not know what that is, sir."_ - [Lt. Cmdr. Data](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eDYVtPwWiM)
* _"What is the velocity between these two points? The distance between them is `a`, and the velocity is just `da/dt`, which is 1. Well, I don't want it to be 1, because 1 stands for the speed of light, and uh..."_ - Leonard Susskind, in his [first lecture on cosmology (quote @ 42:00)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32wIKaLkvc4)
* _"From out there on the Moon, international politics look so petty. You want to grab a politician by the scruff of the neck and drag him a quarter of a million miles out and say, ‘Look at that, you son of a bitch.’"_ - Edgar Mitchel, Apollo 14 astronaut, speaking in People magazine on 8 April 1974.
* _"Man alone chimes the hour. And, because of this, man alone suffers a paralyzing fear that no other creature endures. A fear of time running out.”_ - Mitch Alborn
* _"A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools."_ - Douglas Adams (from Mostly Harmless)
* _"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."_ - Arthur C. Clarke
* _"The road to wisdom? Well's it's plain, and simple to express: Err, and err, and err again, but less, and less, and less."_ - Piet Hein
* _"Any observed statistical regularity will tend to collapse once pressure is placed upon it for control purposes."_ - [Goodhart's Law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart's_law), coined by Charles Goodhart, phrased by Marily Strathern as _"When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure."_
* _"Mouse now present. 6.502 members represented...Action Item for Landlord: Capture and exile the mouse that just fell out of the light fixture."_ - [Minutes of Unicode Technical Committee (UTC) meeting #149](https://www.unicode.org/L2/L2016/16325.htm#149-A93)
* _"Aristotle says that “an iron ball...reaches the ground before a one-pound ball has fallen a single cubit.” I say that they arrive at the same time. You find, on [65] making the experiment, that the larger outstrips the smaller by two finger-breadths...now you would not hide behind these two fingers the ninety-nine cubits of Aristotle, nor would you mention my small error and at the same time pass over in silence his very large one."_ - Sassy Galileo
